An introduction to Kandid can be found at sugarlabs.org .
http://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Activities/Kandid

v9: January 2011
Fixing bug #2144: Kandid SVG activity icon now did not use fill_color and stroke_color.
Bug fixing to be compatible with Sugar 0.90.
Make the GUI more attractive.
The user can select different sizes for exporting images.

v8: July 2010
Added a layer with circular arcs.
Added Fermat's spiral and a logarithmic spiral to generate sample points.
Added a layer painting circular arcs.
Added a stamp painter for simple star like shapes.
Added a stamp painter for concentric disks.

v7: June 2010
Removing Glade from Kandid to make it more compatible with the Sugar Platform (SP).
Glade is available in SoaS and Glade could be installed in most cases.
   But it is not part of http://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/0.88/Platform_Components
   and there is no guaranty that Glade will exists on sugar box.
Bug fixing the rendering engine.
This release is NOT backward compatible. Some images created with former releases may be rendered different now.

v6: Mai 2010
This release is NOT backward compatible. Some images created with former releases may be rendered different now.
Bug fixing the rendering engine.
Added a layer for rendering linear cellular automata.
Added a sampler for iterated function systems.

v5: March 2010
Added a simple ancestors view. The ancestors of newly generated will be displayed as a tree.
This is only a temporary solution and should be replaced later.
Added a layer for rendering quadtrees.
Bug fixing samplers / rendering engine. The changes in the rendering engine are not backwards compatible.
Saving and restoring the graphics context in modifier nodes. Maybe this bug fix is not backward compatible.

v4: February 2010
Images generated by Kandid can be exported as PNG images to the journal.
 You can open an exported image with an image manipulation program.
The details of a generated image can be explained.
Improving color scheme
Cancel obsolete rendering task during start up.
 This may reduce time when starting from journal.

v3: January 2010
Some new views added to Kandid:
 Starting anew will show the 'Getting started' view.
 The zoom view shows a selected protozoon with higher resolution.
 The status view is for monitoring the programs internal state.
Scalable vector graphics (SVG) and Unicode characters will be used as stamps.

v2: December 2009
first public release
